♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
[excited chatter]
Oh, wait!
Shh-shh-shh!
[whispers] Here we go.
One, two...
- Surprise!
- [all scream and laugh]
Oh, you're so good
at this game, Bubbles.
Okay, okay, okay,
my turn, my turn, my turn.
Oh, boy! Oh, boy!
Uh, are you sure, Splash?
You know you have to keep
really still to surprise us.
Well, I know,
but I can do it.
Watch.
Okay, here we go.
And... still.
[grunting]
You're moving.
Because I have an itch
on my nose.
[laughter]
Okay, that's better.
All right, one more try.
St-- hey.
Is that Gush?
Wha-- hey, Gush.
Nice try,
but you moved again.
No, no, really, really.
Look, it's Gush.
Maybe he's here
to play with us.
Wow!
That's good camouflage.
You know, he'd be great
at surprise fish.
- Come on, let's go see.
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Yeah!
Boo!
We knew it was you,
even with your camouflage.
[laughter]
Oh, hi.
Oh, uh, you don't sound
like yourself today.
I don't?
Well, what do you mean?
Well, your voice
sounds different.
Yeah, do you have a frog
in your throat or something?
[laughs]
Because you're a frogfish!
[laughing]
Oh, yeah!
[laughs]
That's really funny,
because I am a frogfish.
Of course you are, Gush.
Oh, I'm a frogfish,
but I'm not Gush.
- What?
- Huh?
I'm Wart.
I was born here in Reeftown
a long time ago.
Now I'm back for a visit.
Wow!
You're so much like Gush!
Yeah!
You should really meet him.
Oh, that's exactly why
I came here, to meet Gush.
He's my dad.
[all] What?!
Wait.
You're Gush's son?
- Right.
- I never knew Gush had a son.
Yeah! Where have you been
all this time?
We've never seen you before.
Oh, I haven't been back
to Reeftown since I was little.
- I grew up on my own.
- Aww.
- Well, who took care of you?
- Yeah.
Well, frogfish
are very independent.
We take care of ourselves.
Let's go find Gush.
He'll be so surprised!
- Yeah!
- He's gonna be so surprised!
- Come on!
- Come on, Wart!
Okay. [laughs]
Gush?
Are you busy?
- Are you here?
- I'm right here.
- Where?
- Back here. Can't you see me?
- I'm waving at you.
- What?
- Wait, oh. Oh!
- Oh, there you are!
[laughter]
Oh, boy.
You're so good at camouflage.
We couldn't tell if it was you
or the coral we were staring at.
We have something
very important to tell you.
- Oh.
- And show you.
- Huh?
- Okay! Come on out!
Oh, another handsome frogfish.
Uh, wait.
Wart!
Wart, is that you?
- Hiya, Pop.
- Wart! [laughs]
I haven't seen you since you
were just a little larva.
You have really grown
since then.
[laughs]
He's the same size as you.
Well, you're still
my Pop, though.
Aww.
[chuckles]
So what brings you here, son?
You need some help camouflaging?
Or, uh, you want to know
the best places to catch lunch?
Oh, I just wanted
to visit for a day.
I'm so glad you're still
living here in the same place.
- You look happy.
- Well, even happier
now that you've come back
to see me.
Aww, thanks, Pop.
All right, so since
you're back for a visit,
how about I teach you how to do
all the things frogfish do
in Reeftown?
Uh, sure, but I've already
been on my own for a while, so--
Still, I am your Pop, right?
I've got a lot to show you.
Sounds great.
Where do we start?
Okay, kids, gather round.
You're gonna love this.
Now, catching food
is all about blending in
so that the food
doesn't see you first.
It's called "camouflage."
And what you do is you get
in front of a background--
Oh, uh... like this?
- Uh...
- [others gasp]
Well, yeah, sort of.
[groans]
Yeah, actually,
exactly like that.
- [chuckles]
- [gasps]
It's amazing!
I can't tell you guys apart!
Well, uh, that's pretty good
for a first try.
[chuckles]
But it takes a lot of practice.
Can you teach me how
to do that?
Sometimes I wish
I could just blend in.
Oh, Dunk, you have something
else you can do very well.
You can puff up.
[inhales sharply]
Really? You think this
is as good as camouflage?
It's really special.
And you know what else, Dunk?
It's something special
about you.
That's something to celebrate.
I am pretty special, aren't I?
Thanks, Gush.
That was nice of you, Pop.
You really made Dunk feel good.
Yeah! That's why we always
go to Gush for advice.
Oh, well,
it's no big deal.
Okay, Wart,
you ready for the next lesson?
Sure thing, Pop.
What is it?
Lesson two-- stillness,
the most important part
of being a frogfish.
That's true.
You have to be very still
to sit and wait for food
to come along.
- Right.
- Uh, speaking of that, um,
do you think you could teach me
how to hold real still
so I can win a game
of surprise fish?
I always move.
Oh, we'll show you together.
How about that?
- Okay.
- Now, you have to pretend
you're not a fish.
You're part of the rocks
or the sand.
Oh, like this?
Ah!
[grunting softly]
Well, I'll tell you what,
Splash.
You are the most still
yellowback fusilier
I've ever seen, honestly!
Yay! Woo-hoo! Yeah!
Gush, you're such
a great teacher.
Oh! [chuckles]
Okay, come on now.
Back to the stillness lesson.
Ready?
Sure thing, Pop.
What do we do?
You, uh, sit here and, uh,
just wait...
- For food.
- I can wait.
I should mention,
the thing with catching food
- is, you really need to wait--
- Oh, excuse me.
For just the right... time.
- Ah, got it.
- Ooh.
Wow! You're really good
at this, Wart!
Thanks, but, uh,
Pop here is the master.
Yeah, he's the best.
He helps me with being patient
with my 499 brothers
all the time,
- and they're never still.
- [laughs]
Well, thanks, Ripple.
I'm-- I'm glad to help.
Okay, you ready
for lesson three, son?
Sure.
What's lesson three?
Ooh, actually, I might only have
two lessons after all.
[chuckles and groans]
Well, what about
the obstacle course?
- What's the obstacle course?
- Wait!
You don't know about
"Golden Legs" Gush?
"Golden Legs"?
[all cheering
and chattering]
He's still going!
That's so insane!
- Yeah!
- All right, Gush!
- Oh, I love this part!
- This is my favorite part!
- You know what, Wart?
He can beat all of us in a race
through the obstacle course.
Wow. I never knew my Pop
was so graceful.
Or so fast.
Oh, he loves a challenge!
And I love that about him.
We all do.
He's amazing!
Ha! Come on, Wart.
Let's go.
- That was amazing!
- Ta da!
- Yeah!
- You were really moving, Pop!
- That was amazing!
- Golden Legs!
All right, go ahead, son.
Give it a try.
Okay.
Uh, wish me luck.
- Good luck.
- Good luck, Wart.
- You can do it, Wart.
- Woo-hoo!
- Go like your Pop!
- [laughter]
[all cheering
and chattering]
What's wrong, Gush?
I'm so happy
to have my son here,
but, uh...
I have nothing to teach him.
What do you mean, Pop?
Well, you're a great teacher.
Well, how can you
say that, Wart?
I couldn't teach you anything.
You're already good
at camouflage,
and you're good on stillness,
and you're a great food catcher.
Yeah, but what about
all the things
you taught these guys?
What?
What do you mean?
Just today,
you taught me that I'm special
because I can puff up.
Yeah, and you've taught me to be
patient with all my brothers.
And you showed me that you
can get through any obstacle
if you never give up.
And you taught me
how to be perfectly still.
[chuckles]
Ha!
Ah... [groans]
I'm still working on that one.
[laughter]
And Dad,
you've taught me something too.
Even though I can do
so many things for myself,
I still love having a dad.
Aw, thanks, son.
And I sure am glad
we have you here to teach us.
I learned so many amazing things
about frogfish today.
Yeah! It's incredible.
There's so much
we never knew about you.
Yeah!
[laughter]
[chorus] ♪ Ooh ooh,
ooh ooh ooh ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
♪ And all of the amazing
things you do ♪
- ♪ Yeah, I know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ You're different than me ♪
♪ The more I learn
who you are ♪
♪ The more I like what I see ♪
♪ There's so many things
about you ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
- ♪ When I met ya ♪
- ♪ I didn't get ya ♪
[both] ♪ I'd never seen anyone
like you before ♪
♪ So glad I took
another look ♪
♪ Every day I'm learnin'
more and more ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
♪ And all the incredible
things you do ♪
- ♪ And you know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ I'm different than you ♪
♪ Day by day ♪
♪ You got to know me, too ♪
♪ I have a brand-new
point of view ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- [both] ♪ Yes, I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
♪ In so many ways,
we're different ♪
♪ In many, many ways,
we're not ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ I got to know you
little by little ♪
♪ And little by little,
I found I liked you a lot ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
[both] ♪ And all the amazing
things you do ♪
- ♪ Yeah, I know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ You're different than me ♪
♪ The more I learn
who you are ♪
♪ The more I like what I see ♪
♪ There's so many things
about you ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
[laughs]
Hey, hey, watch me, Gush.
I'm holding still. Watch.
Uh...
I taught him everything
he knows.
I'm the master
of surprise fish!
Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
[all chattering]
Ahh,
nothing like the cool,
crisp morning water
to start a day.
- [groans]
- Oh.
Ripple, my little mija.
Papa, do you want to come
and swim with me for a second?
It's so peaceful here
in the morning.
Oh, I wish I could,
but I have to get ready
for the morning feeding.
After all,
I've got 500 mouths to feed.
- Don't you mean 501?
- Uh, what do you mean?
Well, you have to eat, too,
right?
[laughs] Thank you so much
for thinking about me, sweetie.
But I'm usually so busy feeding
your brothers and cleaning up
that I barely have time
to eat in the morning.
You skip breakfast?
Yeesh!
I can barely go a few minutes
without eating.
How do you do it?
Believe me,
it's part of being a dad.
But it's all worth it, though.
- Really?
- Ai, si.
On the day you were all born,
my whole life changed.
The first thing I thought of
was how much I loved
every one of my 500 babies.
Aw, thank you, Papa.
So, uh, we're all cleaned up.
What's for breakfast?
We're having my favorite
this morning.
Mysid shrimp.
Ooh! Yum!
Well, you may not eat
very often,
but at least you eat
the good stuff when you do.
[laughs]
The only problem is,
mysid shrimp are also
the boys' favorite,
so there probably won't be
any left, but don't worry.
I'll grab a bit here and there
when I can.
[sighs] My brothers
and I are so lucky
to have such a good Papa.
I hope they know that
as much as I do. Hmm.
Okay, boys.
Time to ea-a-t!
[all chattering]
Did you get enough, 396?
Uh, how's the mysid shrimp, 128?
Papa! Papa!
I want to tell you something.
- W-what is it, sweetie?
- Oh, well, it's--
- Dad! Dad! I need you!
- Sorry, mija.
- What did you want to say?
- Oh, no, it's okay.
- Go find out what 338 needs. -
I'll be back in one minute.
Daddy! Daddy!
I need you too!
Uh, better make it
two minutes.
Coming, boys!
- [all chattering]
- [sighs]
[groans] My poor Papa.
I had no idea he works so hard
to give me and my brothers
everything we need,
and he never asks
for anything in return.
[sighs]
Well, the least I can do
is show him
how much I love
and appreciate him.
It may not be much,
but even a little gesture
can make a big difference.
[chuckles]
[choir vocalizing]
♪ I'm gonna make
one small ripple ♪
♪ Yeah, I believe
a little thing like that ♪
♪ Can turn into
a big ol' wave ♪
♪ I'm gonna make
one small ripple ♪
♪ Can you imagine
what a difference ♪
♪ A whole lotta little
ripples could make? ♪
♪ The tiny things
we do today ♪
♪ Make a world of difference
half a world away ♪
♪ So if I have
the chance I should ♪
♪ Make my ripple
something good ♪
♪ You'll be amazed,
I know it's true ♪
♪ I hope you get
so inspired, too ♪
♪ With one small ripple ♪
♪ Coming from me and you ♪
♪ And see what
one small ripple ♪
♪ Can do ♪
[all]
♪ Ripple, ripple ♪
- Hey, Ripple.
- Oh! Oh!
- Hey, is everything okay?
- Hey, guys. Everything's fine.
I've just noticed
that my Papa
does so much for me
and my brothers
and doesn't really get
anything in return.
So, today, I want to do
something special for my Papa.
Oh, good!
So what are you gonna do
for him?
- Yeah.
- I don't know.
My Papa never actually does
anything for himself,
so I don't know what he likes.
Well, uh, maybe we can
watch your dad for the day
and see if we can find out
what he likes.
- [gasps]
- Great idea, guys!
Operation Happy Papa
begins now!
- Yeah!
- Yeah! Let's do it!
All right, let's go this way!
- [laughter]
- Yeah!
Okay, boys!
Time to pla-a-y!
- Oh, yeah!
- Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa!
You guys don't wanna do that.
- Just, uh, give it a second.
- [low rumbling]
[all chattering]
[all] Whoa!
Boys, you're gonna have
to share your shell!
- Like-- okay, good.
- All right.
Well, we can go now.
[chuckles]
Uh, Ripple,
your brothers are, uh...
hmm... [chuckles]
energetic.
[all chattering]
Yeah, well, when you get
a few boys together,
they play a lot.
When you get ten boys together,
they get a little wild.
You get 499 boys together,
you get this.
Hold on! Hold on!
I'll get you another!
You know what, guys?
We don't need to watch my Papa
at all!
- I know exactly what he needs!
- What?
Well, he's so busy taking care
of all of his little seahorses
that he never has a moment
for himself.
Guys, please!
[stammers]
So, I'm gonna make today
all about making my Papa happy!
Ripple, that's a great idea!
I think a little rest
and relaxation
would be perfect for your dad.
If there's anything
we can do to help,
- we're here for you.
- Great!
I need you to stay
with my brothers
and make sure they're fed
while I take my Papa out.
- Uh...
- Your-- your-- your brothers?
Like, uh, those brothers?
Uh, did I say "anything"?
- What I meant was--
- We'd love to.
[laughing hysterically]
Uh... w-we'll be fine.
You go have a good time.
Thank you!
Buh-bye!
Bye!
[both] Uh...
Hey there, Mr. Charlie--
I mean, uh, Mr. Ripple--
I mean, uh, Mr. Ripple's Dad.
[chuckles]
Hey, kids.
What can I do for you?
No, the real question is,
what can we do for you?
That's right!
We're here to watch the boys
for you.
Ripple has a special day
planned just for you.
- A day... for me?
- That's right!
You work so hard
for me and the boys.
It's about time you had
a day just for you.
Well, thanks, kids.
I don't know what to say,
or what to do, for that matter.
It's been so long since I've had
a day to do what I want to do
that I don't even remember
what I like to do.
- Leave that to me.
- [both laugh]
- Come on!
- Okay, mija.
Thanks again, guys!
[all] Bye!
Have a good time!
- Have fun!
- Yeah, have fun!
And-- and what is this
I'm doing now?
Ooh!
You're getting a mud bath
with a starfish wrap.
Oh, and-- and it does
what again, mija?
Oh, it's the latest thing!
Bubbles told me
it's very relaxing,
so I thought it was a great way
to start your day.
Do you feel more relaxed?
Y-you know, I-I think I do.
Yes, I am relaxed now.
[chuckles]
- What next?
- Well, are you sure?
We have all day if you want
to relax some more.
No, no. You-- you know,
I think I'm good on relaxation.
I-I think maybe it's time
for some father-daughter fun!
- Huh? What do you say?
- I say, let's do it!
- Yeah!
- [both laugh]
Now, how do I get out
of this stuff?
Oh, I honestly don't know.
[giggles]
Oh... [chuckles]
Uh, this could take a while.
[Papa]
Ready or not, here I come!
Whoa!
I'll find you!
[Ripple] No, you won't!
I heard that.
Now, where did you go?
Are you here?
No.
Oh, he'll never find me.
I have such a good hiding spot.
- [giggles]
- [sighs] All right.
- Now, where did she go?
- [giggles]
I think maybe she's just
too good a hider for me.
Maybe-- maybe I'll go over
by these mushroom corals and--
Ha ha!
I'm over here!
- I got you, Papa!
- [laughs]
You sure did, mija!
You surprised me.
Well, if you think
that was a surprise,
wait until you see what's next.
[laughing and cheering]
[stammering]
Ohh! [laughing]
- [thuds]
- [grunts]
[chuckles and groans]
Oh, no, Papa!
Are you okay?
Are you kidding?
[grunts]
Never better!
[laughs]
We should probably be
heading back.
Your brothers need
to eat dinner.
Oh, actually,
your day isn't over just yet.
I still have a special dinner
planned just for you.
- Just for me?
- Oh, besides,
I'm sure my friends
have the boys' dinner
- all taken care of.
- I'm sure you're right.
- Ha ha!
- What could go wrong?
Nothing.
[all shouting and chattering]
Whoa, uh, how many do we
still have left to feed?
I have no idea!
Just keep feeding them
till they stop asking for food!
- Good plan, okay.
- Aah!
Uh, uh, uh...
Oh, boy.
Little help!
Oh, mija, that was some
of the most delicious
mysid shrimp I've ever had.
And I can't remember
the last time
I could actually relax
and enjoy my food! Gracias!
Oh, well, that's what today
is all about.
it's my way of thanking you
for giving up so much
for me and the boys.
Uh, what do you mean?
Well, I just wanted
to give you a day
where you could get away
from having to do everything
for us kids and just relax
and enjoy yourself.
Oh, mija, is--
is that what you think?
That I don't enjoy myself
being a father?
Since I first carried you
and your brothers
in my brooding pouch,
every day has been better
than the last.
I know,
but we keep you so busy.
Ripple, I didn't go
with you today
to get away from my chores,
I went so that I could
spend the day alone
with my favorite girl.
- Aww.
- So, thank you, again,
for this wonderful gift.
- Papa?
- Yes, mija?
You know I'm your only girl,
right?
[laughs]
Still my favorite.
Aww!
[giggles]
Mmm!
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪